I'm sitting here wondering what to write, I feel like writing but I really don't have much to say today. 

My brain feels pretty busy but not in a verbal way it just feels busy. So maybe i'll just write out things i'm thinking.

Do you think you are your body or do you have a body? I know that's a weird question but I always thought I have a body and I need to take care of it like some kind of car. 

Except the car can like kick you around and stuff and you're always in it so you do need to be good to it.

Lately though I think maybe we are our bodies, including our brain, which means I should really take care of myself more. I guess I should either way. 

I think i feel a difference usually because I feel trapped in our mind, don't we have that all the time? I'm back home in Lebanon this month and I keep hearing stories of people who knew me, or people who have fond memories of me, and for me that's so foreign because what do you mean I exist outside my own thoughts? 

I guess there are also random people who have come to my life that I think about and have some sort of tab on, but it feels really odd when it's recieved. Apparently a lot of people follow me on LinkedIn (I wish they'd comment on my stuff though). 

So I guess there me, and there is them, and for them I am all of me, and for me I am my thoughts. 

Okay that 's philisophical enough. 

What is in my mind that is not philospical. There are these older lebanese women around me right now talking about sex, one of them pointed towards me and ask their friend if they would date younger men. Weird.

These women are like breaking my worldview they talk about church and like such relatively prude lebanese women having the most raunchy conversations it's hilarious. One's talking about trying to seduce their husband post-birth. 

People are really funny. Yesterday night there was this very timid 20 year old barista at the same coffee shop. She never says a word, looks very normal, just like a normal 20 year old. 

Last night she heard me playing my guitar and ask if she could use it, I gave it to her and she started shredding master of puppets on an acoustic guitar. It was glorious. 

Then I woke up this morning and saw my dad still in bed on his phone. If you know my dad you would be absolutely shocked. He's 80 years old, runs up the stairs 2 at a time, hates sitting around, and is always out and about. It turns out he was watching the France Morocco game last and was out till 4 AM, and wanted to be lazy in bed longer. 

I layed down next to him and we both played mini games on our phones, it was very endearing. 

You know, thinking about all this, I realize life can be pretty cool when you pay attention to it and stop living in your head. 

Maybe it doesn't matter if you are you body or you have a body, maybe the the important thing is to not wonder about that all the time and eavedrop , interact with strangers, and find spontaneity with the people you love. 

Or idk, it's kind of meta reflectively talking about not being reflective. I'm gonna go to a meeting now.
